Clean up reference section (#24727)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/_index.md

<!-- body -->

## Standardized Glossary

* [Glossary](/docs/reference/glossary/) -  a comprehensive, standardized list of Kubernetes terminology

> 

Reviewer: These API-related list items (related to "API overview, access, reference") need a heading (not "Standardized Glossary").

## API Reference

> * [Glossary](/docs/reference/glossary/) -  a comprehensive, standardized list of Kubernetes terminology

Reviewer: nit: The Glossary link does not belong under `API Reference`?

## API Reference

* [Kubernetes API Reference {{< latest-version >}}](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< latest-version >}}/)

> * [Kubernetes API Overview](/docs/reference/using-api/) - overview of the API for Kubernetes.

Reviewer: @raghvenders , Are these the section to add (keep the text to match the page titles):

Standardized Glossary
Kubernetes Issues and Security
API Access Control
Scheduling
Tools (single page)

Currently, `Scheduling` is listed under the Component Reference section on this page as:

```
 * [kube-scheduler Policies](/docs/reference/scheduling/policies)
  * [kube-scheduler Profiles](/docs/reference/scheduling/config#profiles)
```
Perhaps these links could be pulled out and put under a `Scheduling` heading?

Author: This makes sense, I will add the changes.

Author: @kbhawkey  - addressed this review comments

> ## API Reference
> 
> * [Kubernetes API Reference {{< latest-version >}}](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< latest-version >}}/)
> * [Kubernetes API Overview](/docs/reference/using-api/) - overview of the API for Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: Could do this:
```suggestion
## Kubernetes API
* [API overview](/docs/reference/using-api/)
* [Kubernetes API reference {{< latest-version >}}](/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/{{< latest-version >}}/)
* [API access control](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/) - details on how Kubernetes controls API access
* [Well-Known Labels, Annotations and Taints](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/labels-annotations-taints/)
```

(possibly omitting the heading line)
If you make this change @raghvenders, remove the “API Access Control” section.

Author: @sftim  - I like this by doing this is it fine to make the left navigator link go away too for API Reference(API access control & Well-Known Labels, Annotations, and Taints) and remove API Access control from the left navigation section?

## Standardized Glossary

> * [Standardized Glossary](/docs/reference/glossary/) - This glossary is intended to be a comprehensive, standardized list of Kubernetes terminology

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Glossary](/docs/reference/glossary/) -  a comprehensive, standardized list of Kubernetes terminology
```

## API Access Control

> * [API Access Control](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/) - Overview of how Kubernetes implements and Controls API Access

Reviewer 2: * [API Access Control](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/) - details on how Kubernetes controls API access

## Kubernetes Issues and Security
* [Kubernetes Issue Tracker](/docs/reference/issues-security/issues/)
* [Kubernetes Security and Disclosure Information](/docs/reference/issues-security/security/)

> ## API Client Libraries

Reviewer 2: There are 6 official libraries (the existing page is out of date); see https://k8s.io/docs/reference/using-api/client-libraries/#officially-supported-kubernetes-client-libraries

Maybe change “Officially supported client libraries” to a hyperlink, targeting https://k8s.io/docs/reference/using-api/client-libraries/#officially-supported-kubernetes-client-libraries ?

Reviewer: @raghvenders . Thanks for rebasing.
Could you change this heading from "API Client Libraries" to "Officially supported client libraries"?

- [Kubernetes Python client library](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/python)
- [Kubernetes Java client library](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/java)
- [Kubernetes JavaScript client library](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/javascript)
- [Kubernetes Dotnet client library](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/csharp)
- [Kubernetes Haskell Client library](https://github.com/kubernetes-client/haskell)

## CLI

* [kubectl](/docs/reference/kubectl/overview/) - Main CLI tool for running commands and managing Kubernetes clusters.
    * [JSONPath](/docs/reference/kubectl/jsonpath/) - Syntax guide for using [JSONPath expressions](https://goessner.net/articles/JsonPath/) with kubectl.
* [kubeadm](/docs/reference/setup-tools/kubeadm/) - CLI tool to easily provision a secure Kubernetes cluster.

> ## Components

Reviewer: What about a link to the Feature gates page under the "Components" heading?
